# List of features: (do not look into this!)
- more so a bug, but in activity analytics view the chart with daily weekly monthly is not generalized for all activities, and also doesnt aggregate anything. 
- notification system revamp. Sleep time (no notifications then), morning afternoon and evening set automatically. 30 mins before sleep notification. Morning notification. etc.
- Crazy alarm system
- Have sticky notes + history of notes along with each activity (embdedded links, resources, things to note etc.) + journalling for each day.. to look back in time and see. 
- Ability to edit exercises, and add notes at individual workout level, exercise level, etc. 
- Currently everything gets deleted when i delete curr data. Ensure deleting importing, exporting, ensures default categories, exercises, muscle groups, etc. is not impacted. 
- Goal needs to have metric for it to be active. If it's checkbox activity as metric it should show (expected consistency (user set, defaul is 80%), and actual consistency since goal started or last 365 days whichever is sooner)
- Biggest win logic is fucked -50k steps is shown as biggest win, i guess it doesnt know if things need to go up or down, maybe do only if it's guranteed, it should also show bunch of biggest wins, not just 1. Maybe for unknowns it can add as biggest changes?, but think of this logic extensively. IF we need go up or go down or stay close to goal, is better for value or metric, cumulative, etc. use the predictor from keywords as we used everywhere for this, but allow user to set it in advanced. 
- do not leg user log weights if it's 0. Improve weights entry. Make strength training, exercises have time based embedded in it. Exclude separate timed exercises.. for those re-think UI everywhere.. all touch points. It impacts, analytics, look deeply what analytics it impacts, it also impacts UI. Look for entry method for this. For analytics of volume and stuff ... Weight * Set * Time / Avg rep time (maybe?). Also include exercises with body weight only, for those set weight automatically (add body weight factor for these exercises), and multiply body weight asked in settings with this (add body weight in settings and default to 150lbs)